The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
UDC is the Jackal's next target.
Where is the Jackal now?
He should be in Tallinn.
- Here it is.
- Thank you so much. You're welcome.
What's your name? Um. Rasmus.
I don't recognise
you anymore. Bianca.
If my American friend is
right. the problem is in house.
Carver's on the job now. so.
it's a full blown mole hunt.
The only way to stop this
is to find Norman Stoke.
What's your next step?
We think have a rough idea - of where Norman is.
- Where?
Budapest.
I was on a business
trip. Visitors turned up.
A black woman.
Clean up and get out now.
What's the Jackal's name?
This is his.
Fuck!
♪ Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom
and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to
wish Their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You may
♪ Ever
♪ See me true
♪ So. only
♪ You can
♪ Tell that
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am ♪
I'm sorry. I don't
understand. Huh?
I'm sorry. Huh?
Bub. bub. bub. bub.
Argh!
I can go?
I can-I can pay you money.
I have-I have money.
Dollars. Euros. I can-I
can pay you money.
I don't know what that means.
OK. OK. OK. OK.
What. you want me to speak?
Hello?
Hello? Wait. d'you
speak English?
I learn in the school.
OK. listen. I'd like to sort this
problem as quickly as possible.
Do you understand? Yes.
So. will you tell your friend
here that I can pay him.
Yeah. so I have money
and I can pay him.
Do you understand me?
Hello? Yes.
Yeah. so I can pay him money.
We come now. You pay.
Maybe problem go away.
OK. Great. Thank you.
How long will you be? Attila!
Because I need to get going- - Igen?
- Wait. no...
No. I'm alright. thank you.
I- I'm alright.
Attila?!
Sorry.
That's your car?
You have keys?
Let's go. You're driving.
Let's go.
What could they have been
printing. I wonder. I wonder.
He's wiped the computer.
but I've asked Hungarians
if we can have it.
We just found two bodies on
a farm ten kilometres away.
Let's go!
It's him. I know it.
Hey. what's your code?
Your passcode? It-it's
Attila's telephone.
I- I don't know.
OK. show me your phone.
Unlock it.
And give it to me.
Right. I want you to keep both
your hands where I can see them
and I want you to keep
driving. Do you understand me?
Do you understand me? Yes.
OK.
Hola?
Hey. It's me.
Are you OK?
Err...
Hey.
Are you OK? Honestly?
I'm not good. no.
I'm really not good.
I've managed to get myself
in a bit of a mess...
and I'm in quite a
serious amount of trouble.
What do you mean 'trouble'?
Anyway. I just wanted
to hear your voice
because I'm not a 100% sure that
I'm gonna be making it back.
Charles. you're scaring me.
What's wrong?
Charles?
I'm so sorry... Nuria...
for all of this. I'm s-
Yes. you should be sorry.
Where are you?
Where the fuck are you. Charles?
I'm in Hungary.
Where in Hungary?
In Budapest.
OK.
I am coming to find you.
No. no. no. no. I've inflicted
enough on you. my love.
No. you can't-Tell me where
you are and what you need.
Please.
Charles. please.
There is one thing...
One thing you could do.
So when we had the house done...
I had an extension built
at the back my office.
It's a room- I know
about the room. Charles.
What do you need?
Bianca and Vince managed to get
Norman's location out of Larry.
It was urgent. I
sanctioned the snatch.
Reports say one man was
killed- Norman Stoke.
We assume shot by the Jackal.
And another man. possibly.
probably the Jackal. escaped.
I need to sell this as a success - story.
- It is a success story.
Enlighten me as to how
failing to get our man
- can be described as a success?
- Stoke killed two of our people in Belarus.
So...
In addition. we have his
fingerprints and DNA.
They're being checked against
databases across Europe and America.
Good. Where is
Bianca now? On site.
Let's get her and Vince back to
London to discuss next steps.
Make sure she has the resources
she needs for Operation Anubis.
Very good.
Did you come up
with that? I did.
Rather pleased with it.
By the way. Osi. You
did the right thing.
Not telling me about Hungary.
Until Carver has given 303
a clean bill of health.
we all need to be very careful.
Agree.
Give Bianca my congratulations.
We got two bodies here.
Both local men. brothers.
This one. Gabor. used
to be in the army.
Shotgun wounds to
the chest and ankle.
This one was a loner.
well known to the police.
They've lifted multiple prints.
Well my money's on them
matching the prints in the car.
- Yeah. it's definitely him.
- Have you found the victim's mobile phone?
- No.
- So he's taken it.
We'll get a location now.
Osi?
Isabel wants you back
in the office ASAP.
She prioritising the
search for the Jackal.
It'll be known as
Operation Anubis.
and she wants you
back to run things.
You're basically going
to get what you want.
Yeah. that's brilliant news.
just bad timing.
Um. look. he's here in
Hungary. He can't have got far.
- We have to stay on site.
- Logistics are making the arrangements.
Get to the airport now.
Well. the Jackal's here-
It's not negotiable.
Bianca. Oh. and. er.
Isabel says congratulations
on getting Norman.
She's very pleased.
We have seven minutes.
Do you wanna change? Why
what's wrong with this look?
Our share price projections
for the third quarter
are 17% down.
It's our responsibility
as members of this board
to obtain the highest possible
return for our shareholders.
Money isn't real. The
Chinese. the Saudis.
the EU. they're all
threatening reprisals.
If you would at least reconsider
initiating licensing agreements-
The shareholders are
missing the point.
This shareholder
owns 51% of the stock.
I'm announcing
River in four days.
and it will be released on schedule. - on the 28th.
- You're 'announcing'?
- Mm-hm.
- The board hasn't seen the text. Where?
Where is this announcement - happening?
- Good meeting. guys!
Your input. as always.
has been invaluable.
Magnificent. No argument.
You're still with me. right?
You still believe?
I've believed from the start when
we were writing code no-one wanted.
If anything happens to me. the
board are gonna try to stop River.
Promise me... you
won't let that happen.
Nothing's gonna happen to you.
Now. let's get changed.
You can't do the
rehearsal in a wetsuit.
The glass is bullet-resistant.
It'll stop five rounds from a seven
point six two milliammeter rifle
with no penetration - and no glass spall.
- Good.
Good?
Good. Alright!
Let's get into this.
This... is the
official announcement
after months of speculation
that River is real and
it will be launched...
on the 28th.
In a just world...
money. flowing like rivers.
would empty into a vast
reservoir for the public good.
Sir.
You're pacing around behind the - glass.
- I pace when I give talks.
The glass can't protect
you unless you stay close.
Instead...
a predator class
of the super-rich have
diverted the flow...
into their own pockets.
They call this the free market.
River is gonna change everything
because it will
tell you exactly...
where the money is going.
River is transparency.
River is global change.
The hunt for the man the police
are now referring to as the Jackal.
has expanded across Hungary.
The public are being
asked to remain vigilant
and report any sightings
to the search helpline.
He is considered
armed and dangerous...
The man at the farm this
morning. Laszlo. who was he?
I work for him.
I'm so sorry that you
came this morning. Laszlo.
I wish you hadn't.
You have good man face.
Say that again.
Pull over to the side here.
Will you put both hands on the
steering wheel where I can see them?
Please. My wife.
My child. Close your eyes.
Keep your eyes closed.
I know where you live.
If anything happens to me...
my colleagues will
come to your house.
And they will kill your wife
and your child in front of you.
So when the police
ask about me...
you are gonna tell them
that you never saw my face
and you never heard my voice.
Can I trust you? Yes.
Nuria. it's me.
I'm hoping you're on the plane.
Email me when you get in.
So. don't. er. don't
call this number.
I love you.
Hi. can I get a couple
of hours. please?
Why is Bianca so interested
in Alexander Duggan?
Er. he was a British Army
sniper. The best. apparently.
But he's dead. correct?
Yeah. Duggan's unit were
wiped out by the Taliban.
So. why is she so interested?
Well it's. it's all a bit murky.
The MoD files have
been redacted.
Used to be ideology.
Those days are gone.
Now it's money or sex.
Do you like money. Damian?
Not enough to betray my
country- What about sex. Damian?
Do you like sex enough
to betray your country?
I- I don't understand.
Did a very beautiful.
sexy woman approach you
on one of your numerous
holidays in Palma de Mallorca?
Florida? Tangier?
You travel a lot. Damian.
How do you pay for that?
With my salary. And
did this beautiful.
sexy woman offer you sex
in return for information?
There was no
beautiful. sexy woman.
and I didn't leak the
Belarus operation.
Passengers from Seville.
your luggage is now ready to
collect from carousel number five.
Hi.
Thank you.
You should go.
I've already involved
you too much.
Come here.
You scared me.
You said false identities.
But this is extreme.
Why do you need this disguise?
There are people looking for me.
And I need to get out of here.
I have one question.
Yeah?
Is this worth it?
It was.
I gotta get going.
Show me.
Please don't leave your
luggage unattended.
All unattended luggage will be
removed for security reasons.
Sign here.
I'm going that way.
This is a boarding announcement for
DTR flight 7809 to London Heathrow.
Please could passengers
make their way to Gate 10.
Thank you so much. Sorry
to be such a bother.
You're welcome.
UDC's coming off his island
and will be announcing River
UDC's people have been keeping
it very tightly under wraps.
Can you share your source?
That would be difficult.
But you're thinking
if UDC is going to be in Tallinn.
that's where the Jackal'll be?
Exactly. Where is Bianca now?
Waiting for her flight to
London at Budapest airport.
Let's divert her to Tallinn.
Osi. Change of plan.
You're going to Tallinn.
Tallinn in Estonia?
UDC's going to be there. Logistics
are getting you on a flight
leaving Budapest in 40
minutes. Can you make that?
We're going to Tallinn. OK.
let me go talk to someone.
OK. Er. yeah. We'll
make it. Good.
You'll be working out of the
embassy. They're expecting you.
Isabel is making sure you get
everything. I'll join you tomorrow.
Sorry. excuse me.
Is there a delay?
We will soon be on
our way. Alright.
We will be taking off with an
approximate ten minute delay.
We apologise for any
inconvenience caused.
Welcome on board.
It's on the left.
Thanks.
Here. gimme your bag.
Cheers. Oh God. sorry.
It's alright.
Bianca. take a look.
OK.
Let's hope Osi's sending
us to the right place.
That's wonderful. thank you.
Would you mind putting
that in the back for me?
You're very kind. young man.
- Thank you. - Thank you. sir.
Watch your step. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello. welcome to The
Sterling. Thank you.
Thank you.
Madam. Sir. you are both
on the second floor.
room 253
and 254.
- Thank you.
- Which way? That way and up.
This is me.
Right I'll see you
in the morning.
Maybe you should call home.
See you in the morning.
This is the police.
Open the door. please.
Evening.
Er. how can I help?
You live here?
Er. no. I'm visiting.
It's an Airbnb.
Is everything alright?
There was a burglary
on the floor above.
We're just knocking on doors to
see if anyone saw anything strange.
Well I'm afraid that I've been
out sightseeing all day. so.
Could I see some
ID. please? Yeah.
Why are you in Tallinn?
Business. I'm an
architectural engineer.
You said you were
sightseeing today? I was.
But you're on business? Yeah.
I had a little-little free time.
Thank you for your
assistance. Not at all.
Good luck with the burglary.
Do you have a phone
number you could give us?
In case we need to
contact you again.
so we don't have to
come to the house?
Plus 44? UK?
Yep.
Er. double 7. double 0...
900. 8. 2. 3.
Yep.
Thank you. Yeah.
Not at all. Goodnight.
Hello?
Hi. is that Rasmus?
Erm. yes. Yes it is.
Erasmus. hi. it's Peter here.
We met at the Kontserdisaal.
I don't know if you remember.
you helped me find my phone?
Oh yes. yes. I remember.
Have you lost
something else now?
Er. no. not that I'm aware of.
Great.
Er. look. I hope you don't mind
me calling. I know it's late.
but I just wondered if you wanted
to grab a drink or something?
Sure. yeah.
That'd be nice.
♪ MASSIVE ATTACK:
Paradise Circus ♪
♪ Oh. well
♪ The devil makes us sin
♪ But we like it when
we're spinning...
Hi. Evening.
Beautiful place.
How you doing? Good.
You going to the
airport? It's kinda late.
There's a problem with
my Airbnb so... Oh!
I've just got to check - into a hotel later.
- OK.
Right. what can I get you?
Well. er. let me have a look.
OK. this is really expensive.
It's on me. so...
Thanks. Well. uh. normally
I just have a beer.
Beer? Let's get you a beer.
Excuse me? You know
what. er. actually.
let me. let me try one
of those. Old Fashioned?
- Yes. Whatever that is.
- Can I get another one of those. please.
Of course. Looks very.
uh. sophisticated.
How long are you in Tallinn?
Er. just a couple of
nights. Yeah. work.
I'm an architectural engineer.
OK. OK. you weren't at the
Kontserdisaal for the gig. right?
That obvious? Very obvious.
I could tell.
You didn't have that. vibe.
Oh. what. I don't have
the electro. techno vibe?
No. Not at all. OK.
What sort of vibe
would you say I have?
Kind of serious? Thank you.
And also... a bit dangerous.
In a good way. That's a first.
It is? I'll take it.
I'm working on a venue in London
and the Konsterdisaal's
seen as one of the...
well. one of the great
icons of the form. so.
I wanted to come check it out.
You gonna drink that?
Yeah. Yeah.
Thoughts?
Really nice.
Yeah? - No.
- No.
I fucking hate it.
I can't drink this.
- Getting you a beer.
- Do they even have beers in a place like this?
I'm sure they have beers and if not
we are taking our custom elsewhere.
Excuse me? Two of your
finest beers. please.
Of course. Thank you.
♪ The devil makes us sin
♪ But we like it
when we're spinning ♪
This is great.
That's my bed?
Er. yeah. The comfortable couch.
That's not bad.
So...
What?
I dunno.
What do you mean you don't know?
♪ BING CROSBY: You
Do Something to Me ♪
♪ Something that
simply mystifies me
♪ Tell me
♪ Why should it be
♪ You have the power
to hypnotise me?
♪ Let me live 'neath your spell
♪ Do. do that voodoo
that you do so well
♪ Oh. you do something to me
♪ That nobody else could do ♪
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm